[SHY] In every story
you hear about great heroes,
there is always a villain
they have to face.
Even in an age without war
or conflict.
The world still needs heroes.
[UNILORD] Although the world
may be free of war,
there is a darkness that exists
in everyone's heart
that they do not wish
for anyone else to see.
No matter who we are,
that shadow lives within us.
There are those
who shun the light
and take advantage
of the dark instead.
Shy, understand this.
The true duty of a hero,
is to be a shining
beacon of hope for the people.
And, to protect
the very heart of the world.
[SHY] Right now,
the world is facing
a being with the ability
to unlock a heart.
By placing a mysterious ring
on their finger,
it releases the dark emotions
people hold inside them,
forcing them to change
into a monstrous form.
They even targeted my school.
And Iko Koishikawa
was their victim.
[STIGMA] This world
is filled to the brim
with so many hearts.
But they're all locked away,
confined deep within
their human-shaped prisons.
I will annihilate them all,
each and every cage
you've created
to hide your hearts.
I mean, look!
A heart's true form, really is,
a beautiful sight to behold.
Stigma.
What does he stand to gain?
What's his motive?
And how about me?
Will I be able to fight him?
Can I really be a hero
people can rely on?
[STIGMA] Heroes have
destroyed countless hearts.
They choose which feelings
are acceptable,
then lock the rest away.
Now the hearts
that have been left behind,
want nothing more than
to put an end to this world.
But don't worry,
we don't have to destroy
the world itself.
We just need to annihilate
the heroes.
Now..
Together, we'll return
the world to its proper state.
[IKO] Wow!
You really figured out
how to use
your heart's fire powers?
[SHY] Yeah.
Though I don't have
perfect control
over them just yet.
Piltz gave me
a lot of encouragement,
but I need to get better
so I can stop making
Pepesha worry all the time.
I need to work even harder,
so I can use them
to their fullest.
You're doing it for Piltz
and Pepesha.
Oh.
Huh? Is everything all right?
Huh?
Yeah, it's nothing,
I just got lost in thought,
that's all.
[SHRIMPY] Teru.
[SHY] Yes, Shrimpy?
You're being summoned
by Unilord.
She wants you to head to
the space station immediately.
Right. I'm coming.
I'm really sorry, Koishikawa.
No.
Your hero work is important.
Just know I'll be here
cheering you on
every step of the way.
Mm.
Fight hard.
You can do this.
[UNILORD] We've received
an international request
for emergency mobilization.
Though, we don't have
all the details
of the situation,
I need you both to head
to the source
of the distress call
and investigate
the situation on the ground.
So, you only want Pepesha
and I to go?
[UNILORD]
No. Another hero
has already been deployed
to the location
and will meet you two there.
[SHY]
Another hero's going?
I-I hope it's someone
I've met before.
[UNILORD]
And dress warmly,
as you're going
to the North Pole.
[Shy gasps]
The-the North Pole?
But why there?
[UNILORD] Multiple nations
have research expedition teams
stationed at the North Pole.
We speculate that an accident
may have occurred
involving one of those teams,
but the North Pole
isn't part of any one nation.
And that's why you need
a few of us heroes
to go there and see what's up.
Did I get that right?
[UNILORD]
Spirit. And Shy.
Your mission is to find out
what's happening,
and resolve the issue
as swiftly as possible.
If you don't succeed.
You get no more snacks!
That was a joke.
I promise, you can have snacks.
Please, just laugh.
It's freezing.
Is this really the North Pole?
Right. Let's go
get the details, yeah?
[SPIRIT]
Lookin' a bit cold there.
[SPIRIT] You all right?
[SHY] Wait,
do you mean
that you're not cold?
[OLD MALE MEMBER 6A]
Hey! Wake up!
[SPIRIT] Huh?
[SHY] Huh?
[OLD MALE 6A] If you sleep
here, you'll freeze to death!
Come on!
[MIANLONG] It's cold.
So tired.
Five more minutes.
Sleeping?
[SPIRIT]
Oh dear.
[OLD MALE 6A]
Spirit! Thank goodness.
You've got to do
something about this.
Wait, did you say "Spirit"?
Hey.
Time to wake up.
[gasps]
Good morning,
it's nice to meet you!
Especially you, Shy!
It's a pleasure!
I'm Mianlong.
I'm China's hero.
[MIANLONG]
This is a real pleasure.
Yeah, likewise.
I'm sorry this is how we're
meeting for the first time.
[exhales] I guess
this means the hero
that was dispatched before us
was you, Mianlong.
You know, I haven't had
any Shaoxing wine
in a little while.
I should stop by China
after this.
[OLD MALE 6A]
Maybe I could debrief you
before you start drinking?
[SPIRIT] Ah.
[OLD MALE 6A]
The emergency signal
we received
came from 200 kilometers
northeast of here.
The research vessel,
Dimitri appears to have been
damaged by a large ice floe,
but we haven't heard from them
since the accident.
[OLD MALE 6A] We can't
afford to waste any time.
Please, accompany our team
to rescue them.
Roger!
[SHY]
I'm impressed.
Pepesha's usually pretty drunk,
but I guess she sobers up
when it matters.
I've gotta work extra hard
to be a great hero like her.
We've got the rescue helicopter
prepped and ready to go, sir.
-Right!
[gasps]
[SHY] Um.
I need to say something.
Maybe I should talk about
the mission?
Hey, so..!
I was really hoping
that I would get the chance
-to talk to you two today.
-Huh?
You're both
just so unbelievably amazing.
So, I was hoping
you would hear me out.
It's why I came
on this mission, actually.
I need your help.
I, I get asking Pepesha,
but I dunno how much help
I would be.
What's with the serious tone,
kiddo?
Did you not get
enough sleep earlier?
I mean, I didn't,
but that's not why.
[MIANLONG]
You see, something happened.
Stigma appeared in my country.
I managed to get the situation
under control but I...
[gasps]
[SHY]
I saw that on the news!
[MIANLONG] Shy, I had heard
you were able to take care
of one of Stigma's victims
without fighting them.
See, the truth is,
I'm not really the best
at fighting.
[MIANLONG] I've heard
over and over that a hero
needs to know how to battle.
But I wish
that I could protect people
without having to fight anyone,
you know?
Is it cowardly for me
to want that, though?
Am I less manly
if I don't want to fight?
[SHY]
The thing is,
I'm kinda like that, too,
'cause I don't
really wanna fight.
But you shouldn't be worried
about being manly.
I mean, after all,
you're a girl,
the same as I am!
[MIANLONG]
No way.
[SHY] Huh?
[sighs] Oh, Teru.
Pepesha! I..
What did I do?
You know, it's rude to just
assume someone's gender.
You need to be more
considerate than that.
[SHY]
What do you mean?
Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry!
I didn't mean it. You have
such a cute face so I...
[SPIRIT] Now you're just
rubbing salt in the wound.
[MALE PILOT 6A]
We're approaching the location
of the signal.
Rescue squad here!
Transmitting clearly.
Come in, team Dimitri, come in.
I repeat, come in,
team Dimitri over.
[MALE PILOT 6B]
We've received no answer.
Perhaps they're unable
to answer,
or didn't receive the message?
Wait, something's wrong
with the ice down in the water.
[MALE PILOT 6A] It's sprouting
upwards like spikes.
[awe] So cool!
I didn't know ice grew like
that here in the North Pole!
[MALE PILOT 6A] It doesn't.
This is the first time
I've seen...
[SPIRIT]
Teru! Mianlong!
Get everyone out of here!
[grunts]
What happened?
[SHY] Did the helicopter
just malfunction?
[TZVETA] Ah, it's cold.
I'm so cold.
I can feel that there are
warm hearts here.
Who's there?
I wonder,
if I were to destroy them,
would I be able to be
warm like them?
[SPIRIT] Huh?
[screams]
[TZVETA]
Oh, my.
Caught you, little ice queen!
Ah. You're one of
Stigma's victims, right?
Don't you worry, Hun.
I'll just..
[SPIRIT] Hey!
[TZVETA] His victim?
You shouldn't be so quick
to assume
the feelings and motivations
of other people,
you'll destroy their hearts.
[SPIRIT] Huh?
Didn't anyone bother
to teach you that as a child?
No! Pepesha!
Aw, man, she ruined my hat.
I'm so glad
you didn't get hurt!
Eyes front, little Teru.
She's gonna be a tough one.
[SPIRIT]
Look closely.
She's not wearing a ring.
[SHY] Huh?
[SHY] Shy.
But if she doesn't have a ring,
where are her powers
coming from?
I thought this was
Stigma's doing?
Yeah, that's what
I was thinking, too.
[SPIRIT] But it looks like
she's going to be
a lot more trouble
than we thought.
Mianlong. You take care
of the rescue team.
Oh. Right!
Roger that, Spirit!
And you, Teru,
will be providing support
to me here, 'kay?
Uh. 'Kay.
[SHY]
Can I really be trusted?
This is my first real battle.
Will my powers,
be strong enough?
[SPIRIT] Teru!
[SHY] I don't have time
to doubt myself!
Right!
I know I can do this!
Wow.
You're really fired up, huh?
Your fire.
It feels warm.
[SHY] Huh?
She fell into the water!
[TZVETA]
I'm so cold.
Let me warm myself up
with your heart.
Is that all right?
That's enough, kid.
I think it's about time
for you to settle down.
You made me dizzy
with that spin.
And it hurt.
[SPIRIT] Uh-huh.
So who are you, anyway.
And what are you doing
way out here?
People refer to me as Tzveta.
I was told to stay out here,
that's all.
They said that heroes would
eventually show up to help.
And if I were to destroy them,
I would finally be warm.
[SHY] Huh?
Now, I see.
So, this was nothing more
than a trap.
[SPIRIT] Teru!
Contact Unilord right away!
-Sure! On it!
-[SPIRIT] Huh?
[SPIRIT]
Wait! Hold on!
[SHY]
Um, I'm sorry to ask,
but could I borrow your radio?
Seeing as the helicopter
blew up, we don't have one.
[SHY] Oh, no, that's right!
But how do I contact Unilord
without a radio of some kind?
Don't worry.
You should still be
able to reach her
using your bracelets.
Just like this.
[SHY]
Right! I forgot!
That girl.
[TZVETA] She's been panicking
the entire time.
And her face is so flushed.
[Tzveta chuckles]
She reminds me a lot of you.
Pesha.
[SPIRIT] Huh?
[gasps]
Pepesha, no!
[TZVETA] Now.
It feels so warm.
How nice.
Oh, I like you a lot.
Let me feel your flames.
Warm me up more, won't you?
Are you gonna be
okay there, Shy?
Yes, I'm so sorry!
Move aside.
Do you think Pepesha's okay?
I don't know.
But right now, we need
to focus on stopping her.
[SHY]
That pattern on her cheek.
It wasn't there
when she arrived.
From the moment
that it appeared,
her energy's felt
even more intense.
Fine, then. I guess
I'll to have to kill you.
[gasps]
Oh, my.
[TZVETA]
You're a lot more dangerous
than you seem at first glance.
I'm tired now.
And it's all your fault.
Now, all that's left is...
[TZVETA] Huh?
[screams]
Mianlong!
Go now!
Pointless.
[MIANLONG]
Dragon's sleeping Fist.
Heart-shift Style attack!
Slumbering Claws!
[TZVETA] Huh?
What was that?
That attack didn't even hurt
one bit.
[TZVETA] Huh?
I don't understand why.
Why am I getting sleepy?
So tired.
Well, that's because
my Slumbering Claws
aren't meant to do harm.
You're just gonna take
a little nap is all.
[SHY] Mianlong!
[MIANLONG] Huh?
You were so amazing back there!
Nah. There's no way I could've
done it without your help.
[MIANLONG]
She was pretty tough.
[OLD MALE 6A]
Hey! You all right?
Oh, no. Pepesha.
She's trapped inside the ice!
-Go melt it! Quickly!
-Right.
[MIANLONG] Hmm.
What did she mean
she would "finally be warm"
if she destroyed us heroes?
I don't get it.
Is she affiliated
with Stigma or not?
[gasps]
[STIGMA]
Looks like you fell asleep.
Don't worry about that though,
because you've awoken at last.
You're Stigma?
That's right. I'm Stigma.
That's the name
you all gave me.
Names are wonderful,
aren't they?
When someone calls your name,
you feel so loved.
Like you're being united
with your heart.
[STIGMA]
She's called Tzveta.
And over there is Weepy.
I gave them both
their names, you see.
And your name's Mianlong.
I must say,
it's quite adorable.
I could just eat you up.
[screams]
-Huh?
-Stigma.
I'm not going to let you
get away with this.
You've hurt too many.
Well. Hello, Spirit.
Your heart is as soft as ever.
[STIGMA]
But we're finished for today.
Bye-bye, see you later.
Wait! Stigma!
That girl with you.
Who is she?
[STIGMA]
Oh, yeah.
I guess
it would only be fitting
to give our group a name.
I wonder
what would be appropriate?
Something easy to remember.
But that has an air of mystery.
No matter the era,
we will always be the same.
Forever unchanging.
Say our name,
so we may feel loved,
and live on inside your hearts.
Call us Amara-riruku.
"The ones who dream."
[STIGMA]
We'll meet again very soon.
Goodnight, dear heroes.
Stigma, wait.
What are you exactly?
[Walla: Omake crowd cheers]